docs: legacy processing components for 1.7 (#10661)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/legacy-core-components.mdx

<details>
<summary>Create Data</summary>

> 

Reviewer: Should this one also be replaced by Data Operations?

```suggestion

Replace this legacy component with the [**Data Operations** component](/data-operations).
```

<details>
<summary>Create Data</summary>

> Replace this legacy component with the [**Data Operations** component](/data-operations).

Author: ```suggestion
Replace this legacy component with the [**Dynamic Create Data** component](/dynamic-create-data).
```
